README.md, before:

# Ani-yun-wiya | ᎠᏂᏴᏫᏯ 
A theme for Omeka 2.x, based on Interactive Mechanics’ [Omeka Starter Theme](https://github.com/InteractiveMechanics/omeka-starter-theme).  

This theme was designed for two purposes:
* Built from the ground up to be based on Bootstrap 3.x
* Accomodate the [UIowa Libraries’](https://github.com/ui-libraries) Scriptus plugin, a crowdsourced transcription layer for Omeka.

## Fonts
Ani-yun-wiya uses a variety of commercial fonts, which must be licensed.  These include:

General Design
* [Interstate](http://www.webtype.com/font/interstate-family/)

Language-specific Fonts
* Cherokee Syllabary: [Phoreus Cherokee](https://typekit.com/fonts/phoreus-cherokee) See [http://blog.typekit.com/2014/08/05/introducing-phoreus-cherokee-2/] for more info; this font is designed for mixed Cherokee/Latin contexts.

Yale / DHLab Branding
* [Text](https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/fw-alias/text/)
* [Yale Typeface](http://www.yale.edu/printer/typeface/)

Webfont versions of these typefaces should be placed in the `css/fonts` folder.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect archiving of project

README.md, after:

# Note: This repository has been archived
This project was developed under a previous phase of the Yale Digital Humanities Lab. Now a part of Yale Library’s Computational Methods and Data department, the Lab no longer includes this project in its scope of work. As such, it will receive no further updates.

# Ani-yun-wiya | ᎠᏂᏴᏫᏯ 
A theme for Omeka 2.x, based on Interactive Mechanics’ [Omeka Starter Theme](https://github.com/InteractiveMechanics/omeka-starter-theme).  

This theme was designed for two purposes:
* Built from the ground up to be based on Bootstrap 3.x
* Accomodate the [UIowa Libraries’](https://github.com/ui-libraries) Scriptus plugin, a crowdsourced transcription layer for Omeka.

## Fonts
Ani-yun-wiya uses a variety of commercial fonts, which must be licensed.  These include:

General Design
* [Interstate](http://www.webtype.com/font/interstate-family/)

Language-specific Fonts
* Cherokee Syllabary: [Phoreus Cherokee](https://typekit.com/fonts/phoreus-cherokee) See [http://blog.typekit.com/2014/08/05/introducing-phoreus-cherokee-2/] for more info; this font is designed for mixed Cherokee/Latin contexts.

Yale / DHLab Branding
* [Text](https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/fw-alias/text/)
* [Yale Typeface](http://www.yale.edu/printer/typeface/)

Webfont versions of these typefaces should be placed in the `css/fonts` folder.
